
for location Table
Mandalay

Established in 1857, Mandalay is the second largest city in Myanmar. It is found in the upper part of the country, located on the east bank of the Irrawaddy River. Mandalay is where the Royal Palace of the Konbaung Dynasty is located, which was the last monarchy and independent kingdom of Burma. In 1886, present day Myanmar was conquered by British colonial forces. Ratanapunja was the ancient name of the city. It was given the name 'Mandalay' based on the 236-metre high Mandalay Hill, which is currently one of the most popular tourist destinations in the city.

During the reign of the Konbaung Dynasty, the city of Mandalay served as proof of the splendour of the Golden Age in Burma. When the Second World War occurred, the city and the Royal Palace were damaged in the fighting but were soon reconstructed. Today, Mandalay serves as the cultural centre of Myanmar and is home to several Buddhist monasteries and exquisite examples of Myanmar masonry. While the city is historically relevant, it remains fresh and contemporary with modern hotels and establishments.

Taunggyi

Taunggyi is the capital and largest city of Shan State, Myanmar (Burma) and lies on the . Inlay is famous for its traditional crafts industry and floating markets that are accessible via traditional longboats. Articles with short description · Articles containing Burmese-language text· All articles with vague or ambiguous time.

Bagan

The town of Bagan (formerly spelled as "Pagan"). central Myanmar (Burma). situated on the left bank of the Ayeyarwaddy River and approximately 90 miles (145 km) southwest of Mandalay. The site of an old capital city of Myanmar. Pagan is a pilgrimage centre and contains ancient Buddhist shrines that have been restored and redecorated and are in current use. Ruins of other shrines and pagodas cover a wide area. An earthquake on July 8. 1975. severely damaged more than half of the important structures and irreparably destroyed many of them. The whole of the Buphaya Pagoda. for nine centuries a landmark for river-boatmen. tumbled into the Ayeyarwaddy and was carried off by the waters. The village also has a school for lacquerware. for which the region is noted.

Lashio

Lashio is the largest town in northern Shan State, Myanmar, about 200 kilometres (120 mi) ... with citations having bare URLs · Articles with short description · Articles containing Burmese-language text ·

Magway

Magway. Magway Region is one of Myanmar's central Regions, sharing borders with Chin and Rakhine to the west, Bago to the south, Mandalay and Naypyitaw to the east, and Sagaing to the north. Magway covers 44,819km.

Ngwe Saung
Ngwe Saung is a popular beach among tourists visiting Myanmar. It is situated to the west of Myanmar in the Bay of Bengal. 'Ngwe' means silver, which explains perfectly the silvery sand on the beach here. There is a domestic airline called Air Bagan which flies here from Pathein.

Mogok
Mogok is a city in the Pyin Oo Lwin District of Mandalay Region of Myanmar, located 200 ... as title · Articles with short description · Articles containing Burmese-language text · Coordinates on Wikidata ·

Dawei 
Dawei  is a city in south-eastern Myanmar and is the capital of the Tanintharyi Region, formerly known as the Tenasserim Division, about 614.3 km (381.7 mi) south of Yangon on the northern bank of the Dawei River. Population (2004 estimate) is 139,900.

Pyin Oo Lwin
Pyin Oo Lwin is a popular hill station about 69km away from Mandalay. It is well known for its colonial style houses with large compound and pine trees. eucalyptus and silver-oak abound in town. Delightfully cool and pleasant the whole year round.

villa hotel description

Attractively located in the New Bagan district of Bagan, Villa Bagan is situated 2.1 km from Dhammayazika Pagoda, 4.2 km from Manuha Temple and 5 km from Gubyaukgyi Temple. Among the facilities of this property are a restaurant, a 24-hour front desk and room service, along with free WiFi throughout the property. The property offers bike hire and features a garden and year-round outdoor pool.

All rooms are fitted with air conditioning, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a kettle, a shower, a hairdryer and a desk. At the hotel the rooms include a wardrobe and a private bathroom.

Guests at Villa Bagan Hotel can enjoy a continental or a buffet breakfast.

The accommodation offers a terrace.

Mingalar Zedi Pagoda is 5 km from Villa Bagan, while Law Ka Ou Shaung is 6 km from the property. The nearest airport is Nyaung U Airport, 10 km from the hotel.

Couples particularly like the location — they rated it 9.2 for a two-person trip.

We speak your language!


Ruby True  hotel description

Ruby True Hotel provides free Wi-Fi access in all areas. The property has an on-site restaurant serving Chinese and Burmese food. A private parking is offered at the hotel.

Located in Bagan, Ruby True Hotel is a 15-minute walk to Lawka Nandar Pagoda as well as to Ayeyarwaddy River Bank. It takes a 20-minute drive to Nyaung Airport from the property.

Outstanding with wooden design, accommodation at Ruby True Hotel features a balcony. Each unit comes with air-conditioning, a flat-screen cable TV and a fridge. There is an electric kettle and a minibar available. Shower facilities, a hairdryer and free toiletries are included in a private bathroom.

Nestled in gardens, Ruby True Hotel provides a 24-hr front desk and room service. Guests relax with a massage service. There is a laundry service and a shuttle service offered at the hotel with an extra cost.

Couples particularly like the location — they rated it 8.4 for a two-person trip.

We speak your language!

shwee Yee Pwint hotel description

Located in Bagan, 2.6 km from Manuha Temple, Shwe Yee Pwint Hotel provides accommodation with a restaurant, free private parking, a bar and a garden. This 3-star hotel offers room service and a concierge service. The hotel features an outdoor swimming pool and a 24-hour front desk and free WiFi throughout the property.

All units are equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a kettle, a shower, a hairdryer and a desk. At the hotel every room comes with a wardrobe and a private bathroom.

A continental breakfast is available daily at Shwe Yee Pwint Hotel.

Gubyaukgyi Temple is 3.3 km from the accommodation, while Mingalar Zedi Pagoda is 3.6 km away. The nearest airport is Nyaung U, 10 km from Shwe Yee Pwint Hotel, and the property offers a paid airport shuttle service.

Couples particularly like the location — they rated it 8.9 for a two-person trip.

We speak your language!


Bagan Express Hotel description

Bagan Empress Hotel is a 5-minute drive from Old Bagan. It features rooms with garden views and free WiFi access, which is available in all areas.

Each room here will provide you with a flat-screen satellite TV, air conditioning and a minibar. Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.

At Bagan Empress Hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk and a garden. Other facilities offered at the property include a ticket service. An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling.

The property is a 5-minute walk from Lawkanandar Pagoda. Nyaung U Airport is situated 8 km away.

Guests can enjoy breakfast at the rooftop area.

Couples particularly like the location — they rated it 8.8 for a two-person trip.

We speak your language!